well anyways going up against the
nine-man team nobody shooting nothing
down you know whatever i'm not a bitch I
don't leave the game and just finish it
out you know you can always learn
something from it so anyways I run past
this guy and I get killed I got what do
I have on I have a decoy not decoy blind
eye assassin and dead silence and I'm
like what the hell just happened right
here so you can see the smoke sometimes
it doesn't show it on the replay but I
wanted to show you this point right when
I looked that way there was and I didn't
see nobody and I'm running dead silence
so you're not going to hear me and it
doesn't matter if they got UAV because I
got a sad some pro on so that's he did
see the difference in the replay there
would be smoke showing there sony has a
run past a guy and I'm like what the
fuck so look at this guy he turns
completely around you know I mean that's
just for me playing today you know this
is this is what Activision has done
literally sold out on the colony
community for some royalties to ruin
their game for some dumbass headphones
you notice and that's what they did you
know maybe they got a paves Zampella and
west the they got to find a way to
figure out how to pay him the money that
they lost in the lawsuit for the game
that they took from them and they
totally are sucking it dry now and
bleeding it look at this guy shooting
completely with an mk14 loud as hell how
you gonna hear my footsteps oh just
you're just gonna turn around I got what
blind eye assassin pro and dead silence
and you're just gonna turn around
randomly just like that and justice I
guess it's just another coincidence
another coincidence video no it's called
selling out to head phone companies for
royalties to get paid off their game and
ruin it for everybody that's what it's
called anyways till
Sam's with this piece I'm out